Docs: Refine note about `after_key` (#50475)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/aggregations/bucket/composite-aggregation.asciidoc

--------------------------------------------------
// TESTRESPONSE[s/\.\.\.//]

> To get the next set buckets send the same aggregation again but add the `after`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get the next set of buckets, resend the same aggregation with the `after`
```

> parameter with the value set to the `after_key` returned in the last response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
parameter set to the `after_key` vale returned in the last response.
```

> This will continue the example above:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, this request uses the `after_key` value provided in the previous response:
```

<1> Should restrict the aggregation to buckets that sort **after** the provided values.

> NOTE: While the `after_key` is *usually* the key to the last bucket returned in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: The `after_key` is *usually* the key to the last bucket returned in
```

> the response that isn't guaranteed. Always use the returned `after_key` instead

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the response, but that isn't guaranteed. Always use the returned `after_key` instead
```
